add lubridate (#720)
tidyverse/tidyverse.org: content/packages/index.md

## Wrangle

> In addition to [tidyr](https://tidyr.tidyverse.org), and [dplyr](https://dplyr.tidyverse.org), there are five packages (including [stringr](https://stringr.tidyverse.org), [forcats](https://forcats.tidyverse.org) and [lubridate](https://lubridate.tidyverse.org)) which are designed to work with specific types of data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to [tidyr](https://tidyr.tidyverse.org), [dplyr](https://dplyr.tidyverse.org), and the three specialized packages already in core tidyverse ([stringr](https://stringr.tidyverse.org), [forcats](https://forcats.tidyverse.org) and [lubridate](https://lubridate.tidyverse.org)), there are two others which are designed to work with specific types of data:
```

Sounds a little better to me
